2025-07-01/cda/README.md, before:

# cda - Activity Summary 

## Overall Statistics

| Stat                   | Value                                                             |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Lines Added** (➕)   | 8447                                          |
| **Lines Removed** (➖) | 1639                                        |
| **Net Change** (↕)    | 6808                |
| **Active Time** (⌚)   | 360 minutes |


## Modified Files
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **HelperAdmin.tsx** (+467, -2)
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **AdminHelper.tsx** (+1093, -646)
- **buildGlossaryPannels.ts** (+356, -45)
- **gql.ts** (+54, -0)
- **ast.d.ts** (+539, -0)
- **buildGlossaryPanels.ts** (+317, -0)
- **GroupMembersView.tsx** (+220, -0)
- **helperPanels.test.ts** (+130, -32)
- **helperPanels.ts** (+635, -0)
- **App.tsx** (+576, -0)
- **InitiativeDetails.tsx** (+776, -6)
- **DetailsToolTip.tsx** (+74, -0)
- **helperPanels.test.ts** (+132, -27)
- **helperPanels.ts** (+353, -9)
- **HelperTextProvider.tsx** (+16, -0)
- **HelperModal.tsx** (+586, -531)
- **DetailsField.tsx** (+257, -0)
- **Panel.tsx** (+34, -0)
- **CreateInitiative.tsx** (+832, -0)
- **PoolEvent.tsx** (+139, -0)
- **PoolPositionAmountsPanel.tsx** (+228, -0)
- **CostActuals.tsx** (+130, -0)
- **helperTextTransform.ts** (+494, -341)

## Visualizations

### By File Type (Lines Changed)

```mermaid
pie showData
title Lines changed by file type
".ts" : 3473
".tsx" : 6613
```

### By Hour (Estimated Activity Count)

```mermaid
pie showData
title Coding activity by hour (count of changes)
"09h" : 18
"10h" : 62
"11h" : 36
"12h" : 4
"13h" : 9
"14h" : 27
"15h" : 31
"16h" : 16
"17h" : 33
"18h" : 15
```


> **Last Updated:** 01/07/2025, 18:45:57

Commit message:

Here is a concise commit message based on the provided git diff and modified files:
In this message, we:
* Use the conventional commit type "fix" to indicate that we are fixing an issue with the reported lines changed by file type.
* Clearly state the affected files (2025-07-01/activity.json and 2025-07-01/cda/README.md)
* Provide a brief summary of the change (corrected the lines added and removed in the activity report for the cda project) to give context to the commit message.
This message provides clear and concise information about the changes made in the commit, including what was changed and why, while also providing enough detail to help others understand the purpose of the change.

2025-07-01/cda/README.md, after:

# cda - Activity Summary 

## Overall Statistics

| Stat                   | Value                                                             |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Lines Added** (➕)   | 8619                                          |
| **Lines Removed** (➖) | 1709                                        |
| **Net Change** (↕)    | 6910                |
| **Active Time** (⌚)   | 368 minutes |


## Modified Files
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **HelperAdmin.tsx** (+467, -2)
- **index.ts** (+3, -0)
- **AdminHelper.tsx** (+1163, -716)
- **buildGlossaryPannels.ts** (+356, -45)
- **gql.ts** (+54, -0)
- **ast.d.ts** (+539, -0)
- **buildGlossaryPanels.ts** (+317, -0)
- **GroupMembersView.tsx** (+220, -0)
- **helperPanels.test.ts** (+130, -32)
- **helperPanels.ts** (+635, -0)
- **App.tsx** (+576, -0)
- **InitiativeDetails.tsx** (+776, -6)
- **DetailsToolTip.tsx** (+74, -0)
- **helperPanels.test.ts** (+132, -27)
- **helperPanels.ts** (+353, -9)
- **HelperTextProvider.tsx** (+16, -0)
- **HelperModal.tsx** (+586, -531)
- **DetailsField.tsx** (+257, -0)
- **Panel.tsx** (+34, -0)
- **CreateInitiative.tsx** (+832, -0)
- **PoolEvent.tsx** (+139, -0)
- **PoolPositionAmountsPanel.tsx** (+228, -0)
- **CostActuals.tsx** (+130, -0)
- **helperTextTransform.ts** (+494, -341)
- **okay the one you have provided is not wo.ts** (+102, -0)

## Visualizations

### By File Type (Lines Changed)

```mermaid
pie showData
title Lines changed by file type
".ts" : 3575
".tsx" : 6753
```

### By Hour (Estimated Activity Count)

```mermaid
pie showData
title Coding activity by hour (count of changes)
"09h" : 18
"10h" : 62
"11h" : 36
"12h" : 4
"13h" : 9
"14h" : 27
"15h" : 31
"16h" : 16
"17h" : 33
"18h" : 18
```


> **Last Updated:** 01/07/2025, 18:50:57
